Mark query-scheduler ring-based service discovery as stable and document migration (#4028)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/operators-guide/architecture/components/query-scheduler/index.md

> **Note:** The querier pulls queries only from the query-frontend or the query-scheduler, but not both. `-querier.frontend-address` and `-querier.scheduler-address` options are mutually exclusive, and only one option can be set.

### Ring-based service discovery

To use the query-scheduler with ring-based service discovery, configure the query-schedulers to join their hash ring, and the query-frontends and queriers to discover query-scheduler instances via the ring:

1. [Configure the hash ring]({{< relref "../../../configure/configure-hash-rings.md" >}}) for the query-scheduler.
1. Set `-query-scheduler.service-discovery-mode=ring` (or its respective YAML configuration parameter) to query-scheduler, query-frontend and querier.
1. Set the `-query-scheduler.ring.*` flags (or their respective YAML configuration parameters) to query-scheduler, query-frontend and querier.

#### Migrate from DNS-based to ring-based service discovery

> To migrate the query-scheduler from [DNS-based service discovery](#dns-based-service-discovery) to [ring-based service discovery](#ring-based-service-discovery) you can follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To migrate the query-scheduler from [DNS-based service discovery](#dns-based-service-discovery) to [ring-based service discovery](#ring-based-service-discovery), perform the following steps:
```

1. Configure the **query-scheduler** instances to join a ring:
   ```
   -query-scheduler.service-discovery-mode=ring

   # Configure the query-scheduler ring backend (e.g. "memberlist").
   -query-scheduler.ring.store=<backend>

>    # If the configured <backend> is "memberlist", then ensure memberlist is configured for the query-scheduler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   # If the configured <backend> is `memberlist`, then ensure memberlist is configured for the query-scheduler.
```
Do you mean verbatim `memberlist`?

Author: Since we're already a inside code block using the backtick won't be formatted.

   -memberlist.join=<same as other Mimir components>

>    # If the configured <backend> is "consul" or "etcd", then ensure their backend configuration is set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   # If the configured <backend> is `consul` or `etcd`, then set their backend configuration
```
Verbatim?

Author: I suggest to revert backticks back to double quotes, because we're already inside a code block so won't have the desired effect.

Reviewer: Updated comment

   # for the query-scheduler ring:
   # - Consul: -query-scheduler.ring.consul.*
   # - Ecd:    -query-scheduler.ring.etcd.*
   ```

> 1. Wait until query-scheduler instances rolled out. Then ensure the changes have been successfully applied:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Wait until the query-scheduler instances have completed rolling out.
1. Ensure that the changes have been successfully applied:
```

Reviewer: Is "completed" important here? (I assume so.)

> 1. Wait until query-scheduler instances rolled out. Then ensure the changes have been successfully applied:
>    - Open the [query-scheduler ring status]({{< relref "../../../reference-http-api/index.md#query-scheduler-ring-status" >}}) page and ensure all query-scheduler instances are registered to the ring.
>    - At this point, queriers and query-frontend are still discovering query-schedulers via DNS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Wait until the query-scheduler instances have completed rolling out.
1. Ensure the changes have been successfully applied; open the [query-scheduler ring status]({{< relref "../../../reference-http-api/index.md#query-scheduler-ring-status" >}}) page and ensure all query-scheduler instances are registered to the ring.
   At this point, queriers and query-frontend are still discovering query-schedulers via DNS.
```
I opted to combine these instructions because it looks like they both say the same thing while providing some context.

1. Configure **query-frontend** and **querier** instances to discover query-schedulers via the ring:
   ```
   -query-scheduler.service-discovery-mode=ring

   # Remove the DNS-based service discovery configuration:
   # -query-frontend.scheduler-address

   # Configure the query-scheduler ring backend (e.g. "memberlist").
   -query-scheduler.ring.store=<backend>

   # If the configured <backend> is "memberlist", then ensure memberlist is configured for the query-scheduler.
   -memberlist.join=<same as other Mimir components>

   # If the configured <backend> is "consul" or "etcd", then ensure their backend configuration is set
   # for the query-scheduler ring:
   # - Consul: -query-scheduler.ring.consul.*

>    # - Ecd:    -query-scheduler.ring.etcd.*

Reviewer: See previous comment about ""s and whether or not they should be ``s instead.

Reviewer: nm, consider this resolved; keep as is.

   ```

> > **Note**: see [Migrate query-scheduler from DNS-based to ring-based service discovery]({{< relref "../../../deploy-grafana-mimir/jsonnet/migrate-query-scheduler-from-dns-to-ring-based-service-discovery.md" >}}) if your Mimir cluster is deployed using Jsonnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If your Mimir cluster is deployed using Jsonnet, see [Migrate query-scheduler from DNS-based to ring-based service discovery]({{< relref "../../../deploy-grafana-mimir/jsonnet/migrate-query-scheduler-from-dns-to-ring-based-service-discovery.md" >}}).
```

   # If the configured <backend> is "consul" or "etcd", then ensure their backend configuration is set
   # for the query-scheduler ring:
   # - Consul: -query-scheduler.ring.consul.*
   # - Ecd:    -query-scheduler.ring.etcd.*
   ```

1. Wait until query-scheduler instances rolled out. Then ensure the changes have been successfully applied:
   - Open the [query-scheduler ring status]({{< relref "../../../reference-http-api/index.md#query-scheduler-ring-status" >}}) page and ensure all query-scheduler instances are registered to the ring.
   - At this point, queriers and query-frontend are still discovering query-schedulers via DNS.
1. Configure **query-frontend** and **querier** instances to discover query-schedulers via the ring:

   ```
   -query-scheduler.service-discovery-mode=ring

   # Remove the DNS-based service discovery configuration:
   # -query-frontend.scheduler-address

   # Configure the query-scheduler ring backend (e.g. "memberlist").
   -query-scheduler.ring.store=<backend>

   # If the configured <backend> is "memberlist", then ensure memberlist is configured for the query-scheduler.
   -memberlist.join=<same as other Mimir components>

>    # If the configured <backend> is "consul" or "etcd", then ensure their backend configuration is set

Author: ```suggestion
   # If the configured <backend> is "consul" or "etcd", then set their backend configuration
```
